docs: add content for module 4 (#4)
asyncapi/learning-paths: 100-level-AsyncAPI-Intro/step3.md

```
operations: 
  spaceMessage:
    action: send
    channel: 
      $ref: '#/channels/spaceMessage'
```

## Validate AsyncAPI document

Chan uses [AsyncAPI Studio](https://studio.asyncapi.com/) to validate that his messages are working. Studio is a tool that checks for mistakes. He can paste his document into Studio to validate his work.

## Exercise 1: Chan's first AsyncAPI message

1. Open the terminal and type `nano chan-to-eve.yaml` to create an AsyncAPI document for communication with Eve.

2. Create the basic structure for Chan's communication:

   ```yaml
   asyncapi: 3.0.0
   info:
     title: Sending Signal to Eve
     version: 0.1.0
   channels:
     spaceMessage:
       address: Earth/letter
       messages:
         lettertoEarth:
           description: Communicating with Eve.
           payload:
             type: object
             additionalProperties: false
             properties:
               fullName:
                 type: string
               age:
                 type: integer
                 minimum: 18
   ```

3. Add a `spacename` property:

   ```yaml
   spacename:
     type: string
   ```

4. Save (`Ctrl + O`, `Enter`) and exit (`Ctrl + X`).

> #### Exercise 2: Message structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Exercise 2: Message structure
```

1. Open `chan-to-eve.yaml` again.

2. Add `timestamp` and `priority` fields:

   ```yaml
   timestamp:
     type: string
     format: date-time
   priority:
     type: integer
   ```

3.  Save your changes (`Ctrl + O`, `Enter`, `Ctrl + X`).

> #### Exercise 3: Charting the Message's Course

Reviewer: ``` suggestion
## Exercise 3: Charting the Message's Course
```

1. Edit `chan-to-eve.yaml`.

2. Define the sending protocol:

   ```yaml
   operations: 
     spaceMessage:
       action: send
       channel: 
         $ref: '#/channels/spaceMessage'
   ```

3. Save your changes (`Ctrl + O`, `Enter`, `Ctrl + X`).

> #### Exercise 4: Establish communication with Capuccinova

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Exercise 4: Establish communication with Capuccinova
```

When Chan has to go back to his planet, he wants to keep talking to Eve. Eve is a bit sad that Chan is leaving, but she's also excited to try sending messages across space. They decide that Chan will learn to write AsyncAPI documents so they can stay in touch.

> ### Writing an AsyncAPI Document
> 
> #### Starting Simple
> 
> Chan begins by setting up his space message plan. He writes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create an AsyncAPI Document

Chan begins by setting up his space message plan.
```

```
asyncapi: 3.0.0
info:
  title: Sending Signal to Eve
  version: 0.1.0
```

> This is like Chan saying, "I'm using the `3.0.0` space message rules, and I'm naming my plan `Sending Signal to Eve.`".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Essentially, Chan is saying, "I'm using the `3.0.0` space message rules, and I'm naming my plan `Sending Signal to Eve.`".
```

> #### Making a Message Route
> 
> Next, Chan picks a path for his message. He makes a channel called `spaceMessage` with the address `Earth/letter`. Now his plan looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Message route

Next, Chan picks a path for his message. He makes a channel called `spaceMessage` with the address `Earth/letter`. 
```

```yaml
channels:
  spaceMessage:
    address: Earth/letter
    messages:
      lettertoEarth:
        description: Communicating with Eve.
        payload:
          type: object
          additionalProperties: false
          properties:
            fullName:
              type: string
            age:
              type: integer
              minimum: 18
```

> Here, Chan is planning what to put in his message, like the sender's full name, and their age.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> #### How to Send the Message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Send message
```

> Last, Chan writes how to send the message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Last, Chan sends the message via the `spaceMessage` channel.

```

```
operations: 
  spaceMessage:
    action: send
    channel: 
      $ref: '#/channels/spaceMessage'
```

> This part tells his spaceship to send the message using the `spaceMessage` channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Checking the Document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Validate AsyncAPI document
```

> Chan uses [AsyncAPI Studio](https://studio.asyncapi.com/) to make sure his message plan is good. It's like a helper to check for mistakes. He can simply paste his document and be able to check if he has any error there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chan uses [AsyncAPI Studio](https://studio.asyncapi.com/) to validate that his messages are working. Studio is a tool that checks for mistakes. He can paste his document into Studio to validate his work.
```

> ---
> 
> ### Chan's Intergalactic Communication Adventure: Your Mission on Capuccinova
> 
> #### Prologue: A Galactic Call to Action
> 
> You have been selected to assist Chan in his quest to maintain an interstellar friendship with Eve and establish a new connection with a friend on the distant planet Capuccinova. Your knowledge in AsyncAPI will be crucial in bridging these cosmic distances.
> 
> #### Chapter 1: The Genesis of a Space Saga
> 
> **Your Mission: Crafting Chan's First AsyncAPI Message**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Exercise 1: Chan's first AsyncAPI message
```

> 1. **Enter the Command Center**: Open the terminal and type `nano chan-to-eve.yaml` to start crafting an interstellar AsyncAPI document for communication with Eve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the terminal and type `nano chan-to-eve.yaml` to create an AsyncAPI document for communication with Eve.
```

> 2. **Lay the Foundation**: Create the basic structure for Chan's communication:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create the basic structure for Chan's communication:
```

   ```yaml
   asyncapi: 3.0.0
   info:
     title: Sending Signal to Eve
     version: 0.1.0
   channels:
     spaceMessage:
       address: Earth/letter
       messages:
         lettertoEarth:
           description: Communicating with Eve.
           payload:
             type: object
             additionalProperties: false
             properties:
               fullName:
                 type: string
               age:
                 type: integer
                 minimum: 18
   ```

> 3. **Insert a Personal Touch**: Add a `spacename` property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add a `spacename` property:
```

   ```yaml
   spacename:
     type: string
   ```

> 4. **Seal the Galactic Message**: Save (`Ctrl + O`, `Enter`) and exit (`Ctrl + X`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Save (`Ctrl + O`, `Enter`) and exit (`Ctrl + X`).
```

> #### Chapter 2: Deepening the Cosmic Bond
> 
> **Your Mission: Enhancing the Message Structure**
> 
> 1. **Revisit the Command Center**: Open `chan-to-eve.yaml` again.
> 
> 2. **Add a Time Stamp**: Implement `timestamp` and `priority` fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Exercise 2: Message structure

1. Open `chan-to-eve.yaml` again.

2. Add `timestamp` and `priority` fields:
```

   ```yaml
   timestamp:
     type: string
     format: date-time
   priority:
     type: integer
   ```

> 3. **Chronicle the Changes**: Save (`Ctrl + O`, `Enter`, `Ctrl + X`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Save your changes (`Ctrl + O`, `Enter`, `Ctrl + X`).
```

> #### Chapter 3: Navigating the Starry Seas
> 
> **Your Mission: Charting the Message's Course**
> 
> 1. **Galactic Navigator**: Edit `chan-to-eve.yaml`.
> 
> 2. **Set the Course**: Define the sending protocol:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Exercise 3: Charting the Message's Course

1. Edit `chan-to-eve.yaml`.

2. Define the sending protocol:
```

   ```yaml
   operations: 
     spaceMessage:
       action: send
       channel: 
         $ref: '#/channels/spaceMessage'
   ```

> 3. **Confirm the Trajectory**: Save (`Ctrl + O`, `Enter`, `Ctrl + X`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Save your changes (`Ctrl + O`, `Enter`, `Ctrl + X`).
```

> #### Chapter 4: Expanding to Capuccinova
> 
> **Your Mission: Establishing Communication with Capuccinova**
> 
> 1. **New Horizons**: Create `chan-to-capuccinova.yaml` using `nano`.
> 
> 2. **Capuccinovan Messaging**: Craft a unique communication channel for this exotic planet.
> 
> 3. **Bridge the Planets**: Save your Capuccinovan communication plan (`Ctrl + O`, `Enter`, `Ctrl + X`).
> 
> #### Chapter 5: Perfecting Distant Dialogues
> 
> **Your Mission: Fine-Tuning the Capuccinova Communication Protocol**
> 
> 1. **Cosmic Engineer**: Open `chan-to-capuccinova.yaml`.
> 
> 2. **Refine the Connection**: Add operations details for Capuccinova:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Exercise 4: Establish communication with Capuccinova

1. Create `chan-to-capuccinova.yaml` using `nano`.

2. Add operations details for Capuccinova:
```

   ```yaml
   operations:
     capuccinovaMessage:
       action: send
       channel:
         $ref: '#/channels/capuccinovaMessage'
   ```

> 3. **Launch the Protocol**: Save your work (`Ctrl + O`, `Enter`, `Ctrl + X`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Save your work (`Ctrl + O`, `Enter`, `Ctrl + X`).
```

> #### Epilogue: The Symphony of the Stars
> 
> After each chapter, use **AsyncAPI Studio** to validate Chan's YAML documents, ensuring seamless communication with Eve and the new connection to Capuccinova. Your dedication and skills have not only kept a friendship alive across galaxies but also opened new interstellar pathways. The universe feels more connected thanks to your expertise in crafting these cosmic AsyncAPI communications.
> 
> #### Review and Intergalactic Comparison
> 
> Compare your final AsyncAPI documents with Chan's original ideas to understand different communication strategies in the cosmos and review your understanding of AsyncAPI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Test your work

After each exercise, use **AsyncAPI Studio** to validate Chan's YAML documents. After all, you want to ensure seamless communication with Eve and the new connection to Capuccinova! Thanks to you, Eve and Chan can now keep their friendship alive by communicating across galaxies. 
```

> When Chan has to go back to his planet, he wants to keep talking to Eve. Eve is a bit sad that Chan is leaving, but she's also excited to try sending messages across space. They decide that Chan will learn to write AsyncAPI documents so they can stay in touch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Chan has to go back to his planet, he wants to keep talking to Eve. Eve is sad that Chan is leaving, but she's also excited to try sending messages across space. They decide to write AsyncAPI documents to stay in touch.
```

> ### Writing an AsyncAPI Document
> 
> #### Starting Simple
> 
> Chan begins by setting up his space message plan. He writes:
> 
> ```
> asyncapi: 3.0.0
> info:
>   title: Sending Signal to Eve
>   version: 0.1.0
> ```
> 
> This is like Chan saying, "I'm using the `3.0.0` space message rules, and I'm naming my plan `Sending Signal to Eve.`".
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Create an AsyncAPI Document

Chan begins by setting up his space message plan.

```
asyncapi: 3.0.0
info:
  title: Sending Signal to Eve
  version: 0.1.0
```

Essentially, Chan is saying, "I'm using the `3.0.0` space message rules, and I'm naming my plan `Sending Signal to Eve.`".

```

#### Making a Message Route

Next, Chan picks a path for his message. He makes a channel called `spaceMessage` with the address `Earth/letter`. Now his plan looks like this:

```yaml
channels:
  spaceMessage:
    address: Earth/letter
    messages:
      lettertoEarth:
        description: Communicating with Eve.
        payload:
          type: object
          additionalProperties: false
          properties:
            fullName:
              type: string
            age:
              type: integer
              minimum: 18
```

Here, Chan is planning what to put in his message, like the sender's full name, and their age.

#### How to Send the Message

Last, Chan writes how to send the message:

```
operations: 
  spaceMessage:
    action: send
    channel: 
      $ref: '#/channels/spaceMessage'
```

This part tells his spaceship to send the message using the `spaceMessage` channel.

### Checking the Document

Chan uses AsyncAPI Studio to make sure his message plan is good. It's like a helper to check for mistakes.

> He installs it with `npm install -g @asyncapi/studio` and opens his plan in the studio with `asyncapi studio my-document.yaml`. The studio looks for errors and gives tips.

Reviewer 3: AsyncAPI CLI incudes AsyncAPI studio, so no need to install studio separately, 

CLI have command like `asyncapi start studio -f=asyncapi.yml` or something like this - not sure though how it will work inside killercoda

Reviewer: ping ping, @mhmohona, please fix what @derberg mentions above :)

> When Chan goes back to his planet, he wants to communitcate with Eva. For communicating he needs to learn how to write AsyncAPI documentation and check if he can send a message to Eve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Chan goes back to his planet, he wants to communicate with Eve. For communicating he needs to learn how to write AsyncAPI documentation and check if he can send a message to Eve.
```
